[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> T minus 10, 9, 8,
7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Engine ignition.
Liftoff of the Falcon 9 rocket.
Science for today and for deep
space exploration tomorrow.
>> Kennedy Space
Center, April 8, 2016.
SpaceX and NASA
work side by side
to successfully launch and
land the first ever privatized
commercial rocket.
>> SpaceX is a private rocketry
company based in El Segundo,
California.
It's owned by Elon Musk,
a billionaire who's
interested in space exploration.
And they recently had some
great success with a rocket
that they launched and then
actually guided it back
and landed it on
a platform at sea,
which is really an amazing
accomplishment because nobody's
really ever been able
to do that before.
And it's really cool
because it allows
them to reuse the rockets,
which makes the actual launching
process a lot less expensive.
>> And a successful landing
of the first stage offshore.
>> I'm convinced that the way to
go for the future of the space
program is to privatize it.
I worked on the space
program, and everybody
else who worked
on it in the '60s
thought we'd have a
base on the moon by now.
Thought we'd have gone to Mars.
And where are we?
We're still hanging
around Earth.
I saw what the problem was
at the NASA Space Nuclear
Propulsion Office.
They didn't know
what they wanted
to do with the space program,
with the nuclear rocket engine.
>> Experts suggest that the NASA
we see today might be a front.
>> It seems kind of bizarre
to me that after we put men
on the moon in 1969 and to 1972
that this is such big news that
we've got a private
company launching rockets.
I mean, everybody
thought back in that era
that we were going to be
doing this kind of thing
all the way through
the '70s and '80s
and probably figured we'd be on
the moon and be on Mars by now.
But it's just-- it seems as if
there's been something holding
us back for years and years.
And it's really hard to put your
finger on exactly what that is.
>> Could it be that
NASA has another agenda?
>> I feel that NASA is using
private space and private
industry as a cover-up.
And the reason why
is because when
you take everything out of
governmental into private,
you can do a lot more
things behind the scenes.
And you don't have
to answer to anybody.
>> I feel like anytime NASA's
involved, I'm very suspicious.
Because I don't
trust them, based
on my research and
years of experience
in dealing with them.
I don't trust them
on political issues.
And I worry that they're
going to somehow undermine
the private company
and undermine SpaceX.
>> Landing operators moving
to procedure 11.1 [INAUDIBLE]..
>> You think of it this way.
The United States
a couple of years
ago made some public
statement that, well, we're
eliminating the manned
component of our space program.
Not only is it untrue, but
it makes absolutely no sense.
The United States for it to be
the dominant global hegemonic
power, which it will never
voluntarily cease to be,
must control space as a
platform of operations.
This means having
classified space programs
and military base is
an absolute priority.
>> Experts suggest that not only
might NASA and the government
have a secret space program,
but they might be investigating
Earth for ancient connections
to otherworldly beings.
>> There are a number of very
compelling stories that I
believe that have to do
with NASA encounters with
extraterrestrials.
One of the more
interesting ones to me
is NASA's look at ancient
advanced technology.
There are massive
rock paintings here
in the United States at
Sego Canyon and other places
out in the Midwest
of beings that look--
what are these?
Some of them do look very,
very suggestive of non-humans.
>> Recent evidence suggests
that NASA has been investigating
ancient ruins in Chaco
Canyon, New Mexico.
>> It does not make any sense
that NASA would go to a place
like Chaco Canyon and be doing
research for astronomical
reasons.
I mean, NASA is all about space.
That's their job.
It's a space exploration
agency of the US government.
>> But some researchers point
out that something mysterious
is going on at Chaco Canyon.
>> Chaco Canyon is one of
the most important sites--
archaeological sites
in the Southwest.
And it is a mysterious one.
It's well built. But it's
not a megalithic site.
There are roads that
radiate from Chaco Canyon
and go in many
different directions.
And it would seem
that Chaco Canyon
was the central part of some
kind of extensive system,
trading system.
One of the mysteries
of Chaco Canyon
is that the people just
vanished and left that area
and abandoned the ruins.
But archaeologists were unable
to find any kind of burials
or any kind of graveyards.
And this was a mystery
to archaeologists.
And then they couldn't
really understand
how there could be this
important center that
was Chaco Canyon.
And it must have had
many people living there.
Yet there's no sign of any kind
of funeral kind of arrangements
or that people died there.
>> If Chaco Canyon isn't
just a religious site,
what could it have
been used for?
Some suggest that
Chaco Canyon has
an unusual energy that
could be harnessed
if in the right hands.
>> And if I remember correctly,
it's that if you use dowsing
rods, literally the dowsing rods
go in all directions at once,
showing you that you're in a
center of a lay lined vortex
or a sacred site that you
have the intersection of many
magnetic energy fields.
And those make the energy
fields are the things
that extraterrestrials have
been harnessing for a long time.
Because instead of using
the kind of fossil fuel,
they actually were harnessing
the electromagnetic energy
field of the planet Earth.
When you really start
looking at that whole area,
it appears that they were a vast
civilization at one point that
was pretty sophisticated.
It's literally like
the Beam Me Up,
Scotty situation, where
they were there one day
as an entire tribe of
people, and the next day,
they were gone.
>> Could it be true that NASA
was trying to figure out how
to harness this energy?
And if they have, would
this ancient knowledge
help them get
further into space?
>> To me, if they're
investigating ancient ruins,
they're doing so because they
think there's some connection
between those ancient
ruins and space.
And that's, to me, the
key thing as to why
they would be involved.
Their other reasons just
don't make any sense.
And the fact that certain
areas are cordoned off now
in the Chaco Canyon ruins is,
to me, a little bit suspicious.
I think that they
found some connection
that they want to exploit.
And that's the only
reason government agencies
or the National Aeronautics
and Space Administration
would be interested.
That's the only reason
they'd be interested in doing
that kind of research.
>> Research suggests that
ancient sites around the world
have been the key to
secret government programs.
>> One of the things that I've
investigated over the years is
government interest in
ancient mysteries and ancient
artifacts.
And this could actually
explain NASA's interest
in ancient sites and
things like that.
For example, through the
Freedom Information Act,
the CIA has declassified
roughly around 70 pages
of a far longer file,
titled "The Ararat Anomaly."
And as the title suggests, it's
actually a file on Noah's Ark.
So you might wonder why on
Earth is the CIA interested
in Noah's Ark.
You'd imagine historians,
archaeologists,
people in the church would be
interested, but not the CIA.
But the fact that
they are interested
suggests that somebody
deep within the agency
is taking notes of the
ancient astronaut scenario
and possibly even interpreting
like it's some space ark.
People in governments or
the intelligence community
either know or deeply
suspect that there
were ancient alien visitations.
And they're trying to figure
out what the truth is.
And I think that explains
things that NASA is up to today,
looking at and marking and
targeting ancient sites.
There's a unique
and very alternative
aspect to that scenario.
What if they actually weren't
ancient extraterrestrials,
but ancient humans who developed
highly advanced technology
and may have left the planet?
>> You cannot exclude that.
This is all possible.
But if you accept the
higher society in the past,
you do not exclude
extraterrestrials.
This higher society
can, at the same time,
have had contact with
extraterrestrials.
>> Is it possible that NASA and
other government organizations
are looking for ancient
evidence of space travel and ET
intervention?
And if so, why?
>> If you look at
NASA, basically,
it's infiltrated by three
powerful secret societies--
the Freemasons,
the Nazis, and what
I call the magicians, who are
basically followers of Aleister
Crowley out at JPL.
And there is this
real pattern of them
being interested in stuff
and naming spacecraft, even,
after ancient Egyptian gods.
Like, the Apollo 16 lunar
module was named Orion.
That is actually the
Egyptian god Osiris.
And they landed on the moon
on Adolf Hitler's birthday
at the exact time that
Orion's belt was 33 degrees
above the landing site.
And all that stuff
is not a coincidence.
NASA definitely plans
this, and it's all
got to do with some sort
of magical alignments
that they think will make
their missions be successful.
NASA could very well be
looking for the predecessors
of the human race.
You know, I mean, I still think
that when Neil Armstrong said,
when he first
stepped on the moon,
it's one small step for man,
one giant leap for mankind,
that he did not make a mistake.
I mean, the conventional
wisdom is he made a mistake,
and instead, he
should have said,
it's one small step for a man.
But he didn't say that.
And what he meant was, that's
one small step for us, for man,
for this current
version of mankind.
But it's a giant leap for the
greater, broader human race,
mankind from whence we came.
In other words, our ancestors
that came to Earth before.
>> If this is true, where else
in the world have researchers
been able to dig up evidence
of ancient space travel from
a possible progenitor race?
>> There is in Central
America, in Mexico,
the Maya city with
the name of Palenque.
And in Palenque is
one pyramid which has
the name Temple of Inscription.
In 1952, Professor Dr. Ruz
was the leading archaeologist
at that time.
He found inside the pyramid
a secret stairway going down.
They went down.
The digging took three years.
And they landed
under the pyramid.
And there they
stand before a stone
in the form of a triangle.
They open the door, and
they were standing on a lid,
on a stone plate, a long, big
stone plate 3.8 meters long,
2.2 meters lateral, a
big block, one monolith.
And there was a
fantastic engraving.
You see something like a frame.
And inside of the
frame, a man is
sitting, bending forward almost
like a racing motorcyclist.
He obviously has some
oxygen mask on his nose.
And you clearly
see his two hands.
He's manipulating some controls.
The heel of his left foot
is on a kind of pedal.
He's sitting on a chair.
And behind him,
outside the frame,
you see something like a
[INAUDIBLE] flame, a fire.
So that was absolutely
fascinating.
There is a human man
in a technical machine.
Now of course, I know all the
archaeological interpretations.
Archaeologists say that
this man represents
Pakal, which is correct.
Pakal was the second last ruler
of the Maya city of Palenque.
And in archaeology,
they suggested
it has nothing to do with
space travel or with machinery.
Pakal is simply sitting
in the open mouth
of a mythological monster.
And he's falling into the Earth.
And out of his chest, you see
the tree of life or something
like this.
That was the archaeological
interpretation
some 40 years ago.
In the meantime, the two
leading archaeologists
Stuart and Stuart, because
he's the father and the son,
in their newest
book about Palenque,
they say, yes, it is Pakal the
second last ruler of Palenque.
But he's not falling
into the mouth
of a mythological monster.
He's leaving the Earth
in a fiery chariot.
Everything which is
on the stone plate
has something to do with the
universe and with the stars.
>> These are the working sheets
for the dynasty that were done
by Linda and Peter Mathews
and Floyd Lounsbury during
the first [INAUDIBLE].
>> If this is evidence
of ancient space travel,
what other kind of earthly
objects connect our human
origins to the stars?
>> There are these obelisks,
these Egyptian style obelisks
that are all over the world.
They seem to be of
great value to people
that have a lot of esoteric
power and knowledge.
And you see them
all over the world.
You can even argue
that Stonehenge
is, in a sense, an
obelisk or a monolith
that's very similar
to the monolith
that we saw in the film
"2001: A Space Odyssey."
But to me, the most
fascinating connection on that
is there is an object on
Phobos that was made famous.
Because Buzz Aldrin came out in
an interview on C-SPAN in 2009
and said there is a
monolith on Phobos.
And the shape and
the design seems
to be to attract energy
from above-- in other words,
to attract all the powers
out there in the stars.
>> The ancient obelisk in
the city of Heliopolis was
the major spiritual center
in all of ancient Egypt.
Heliopolis, the city of the
sun, and it was actually
called the city Annu, named for
the head of the Annunaki gods.
But Annu meant pillar to heaven.
And we know that there were 48
huge obelisks at that point.
Because these obelisks had
been moved to major cities
all over the world to
harness that same energy.
One of those obelisks
is in the center
of St. Peter's Square, which, of
course, is not a square at all.
It's a circle with the
symbol of the Annunaki--
the cross with the X.
The more we go through our
discoveries of modern day
archaeology, the GPS systems,
the satellite systems,
we're discovering hundreds
all over the planet.
>> As you travel around
the world in the same 30,
30 parallel, you'll find other
monolithic type structures that
appear to have been used not
just for what's there now,
temples, but actually, when
you lift up the temples to look
underneath them, you find
megalithic structures like
Baalbek, the stones of Baalbek
that have been raised up 700
feet and put into place.
According to ancient
text, it appears
that those were actually
landing places for spaceships
they used to take off.
And if you're in
a spaceship, you
need something to push off on.
And it appears to be
that those stones could
have been something for that.
>> Now this is at
least 1,200 tons.
A recent excavation show
that there are possibly
larger ones underneath it.
>> There are monoliths
here on Earth.
There are monoliths in
film and television.
And then there are
monoliths on Mars.
So to me, that's
pretty amazing stuff.
And there's just this
connection coming
where everything's starting
to pull itself together.
>> If these structures are
evidence of an ancient human
or ET connection to the stars,
is it possible that some
of the ruins are actually
remnants of an advanced space
program here on Earth?
>> This is a never-ending study.
South America, there is
one geographical base
which is called Puma Punku.
And up there in Puma Punku, you
find gigantic stone platforms,
some of them weighing
800 tons on one block.
And the locals said it
was the gods who made it.
Which gods were the gods
who descended from the sky.
And they made it in
one single night.
Later, the so-called
gods disappeared.
They took their equipment
with them, of course.
And now the natives come.
And the natives, they look
at this gigantic stone block.
They touch it with their finger.
And they say, it's the
gods who made this.
So the place became
holy, a holy place.
And now the natives
start to construct
the temple, a temple with
possibilities with one stone
next to the other.
>> And it's good that they
left this stuff in situ.
Because it lets us
hopefully see what
it looked like at
Puma Punku when
this dramatic event happened.
>> Through our research, we
found remnants of what we might
assume to be previous space
stations or mission control
centers on Earth.
One of them would be Puma Punku.
It's very clear that that,
obviously, to me, at least,
and some of the
researchers, appears
to have been some type of
mission control center that
was built like a fort very
close to the pyramids of Chichen
Itza.
There's actual
holes in the ground.
They call them wells where they
used to supposedly sacrifice
women or girls to make it rain.
Because if the rain
didn't come, they
thought that would
please the gods.
Actually, when you look
at these, they're actual,
but they appear to be holes
carved out in the ground
from rocket ships.
I'm not saying
that's what they are.
But if you look at the
structure of the geology
and you look at the way
that they're formed,
they actually appear to be holes
in the ground from a rocket,
like missile silos.
Whether they were rockets
that went to space
or whether they were missile
silos that launched rockets,
we're not exactly sure.
But they really
appear to be something
that used to house technology.
>> Pictured here are ruins from
previous NASA space programs.
These structures are
scattered all over the US.
They're almost identical to
ruins of civilization left
behind thousands of years ago.
Could these ancient
ruins be left over
from a space faring race
thousands of years ago?
A recent discovery sheds
light on the possibility
that our ancestors actually
acquired ET technology
and left the planet.
>> On April 27, 2015, this river
of mercury was found under one
of the pyramids at Teotihuacan.
And the thing about
that is mercury
is not something
that the ancients
would have used for any reason.
It's something that you use
in electrical components.
It's very important in
materials fabrication
for aerospace applications.
And it's not the kind of thing
that you would have used back
in the day.
So it doesn't really seem to fit
with that ancient civilization
and its purposes and its plans.
It's something that
technological civilizations
used.
>> My opinion of Teotihuacan
is a very interesting one
because the mercury that they
found is an amazing discovery,
first of all.
Because if you take
mercury, it has a lot
of very amazing properties.
It's a ferrofluid, which means
it's like a liquid metal.
If you put it into a
vortex and electrolyze it,
you actually get
anti-gravitational properties
out of it.
>> And Teotihuacan is really
a mystery to archaeologists.
They don't know who built
Teotihuacan or for what reason.
They date it at around
200 BC or so as beginning.
In my mind were ancient sites
that used energy centers,
and it's possible
that both these sites
were some kind of ancient
spaceport of some sort.
>> So I believe that the fact
that we found the mercury
in the Teotihuacan pyramid
complex is an actual amazing
discovery that proves that
there is an advanced society
in the past that have
gone to a very high level
of civilization.
And then something happened.
What happened we don't know.
But it is believed
that there have
been advanced societies
that have actually
built up over time and gone
through what we call the Kali
Yuga.
They have started
at a very low level
and built themselves
to the Golden Age.
And then a cataclysm
happens, and we
have to start over again.
And the fact of that is if there
is a comet strike or a meteor
strike here on Earth, and
everything is wiped out
and some of us survive, we all
know how to use a cell phone,
but we can't make a cell phone.
And this is what happens.
It's a process of regeneration.
Albert Einstein actually said
that there were four poles just
the crust of the Earth on
this planet in the past
and that there will be a fifth
one coming in the future.
>> Could Teotihuacan be the
remnant of an ancient human
space station where some of
the inhabitants escaped during
a cataclysm?
>> Based off of research
that I've done in the past,
I found that ancient kings and
queens had access to advanced
technology, flying machines.
They wouldn't make many of them.
And when they did
have them, they
kept them extremely secret
because if their enemies got
their hands on them, obviously,
they would have the upper hand
to bomb them, to fly over
their high megalithic walls,
and come into the
cities and invade them.
So they were kept very,
very, very secret.
Some of this is in
ancient Sumerian texts,
where, according to the text,
when the Great Flood came,
some of these beings
left this planet
and actually observed
it from above.
>> Is this evidence of an
ancient secret space program?
>> When you're looking at
things like the ancient Vimana.
Yes, I think that it
would be very likely.
I don't know this for sure,
but it will be very likely
that somewhere within the bowels
of the global intelligence
elite community, there's
someone who's thinking,
I want to study these
Vimanae and find out
if there's any clues, or any
of these other ancient texts.
>> Could ancient humans have
escaped major cataclysms
by leaving the planet?
And if so, is it possible only
a selected few were picked
to extend the human race?
>> I really believe
in the Yugas.
You actually go through
a cycle over 27,000 years
where mankind goes
through the Bronze Age
and kind of gradually moves
back up to the Golden Age again.
And it's a process of basically
going back and starting over.
These things happen
in cataclysms.
And everything is cyclical.
When a cataclysm
happens, no matter
how far technologically
advanced you are,
you will get knocked back down.
I think this is why you
see the big rush now
to go to Mars by private space.
You see Elon Musk
and SpaceX talking
about taking 80,000 people
to Mars on a one way trip.
They're not coming back.
>> The space race inspired
a generation of scientists
and innovators.
It's contributed to immeasurable
technological advances that
have improved our health and
well-being, from satellite
navigation to
water purification,
from aerospace manufacturing
to medical imagery.
>> If these ancient ruins
leave evidence of advanced
civilizations with the
technology to go through
the stars, could NASA and
the government have acquired
the knowledge to join them?
>> Somehow, it is
a desire in us.
We always have to wish, to dream
to go out there in the stars.
It's like we have this
wish in our genes.
We came from there.
We want to go there.
>> On June 8, 2016, Elon Musk
had a closed door meeting with
Secretary of Defense Ash
Carter at the Pentagon.
Carter states he's been
focused on promoting links
to his department and
technology companies.
But some suggest this
meeting is more evidence
that Elon Musk is being
invited into a secret space
program designed by
NASA and the government
from the knowledge they've
gathered and implemented
on other planets.
>> What happens-- what makes a
billionaire want to leave this
planet, OK?
You have to ask
yourself that question.
These people are not going
to go to another planet
and live inside of a spacesuit
in a tent camp until they die.
There's going to be
things there that
are going to be available
to them, an infrastructure
to take care of
them to make sure
that they can have
a normal life.
I honestly believe that.
So I think that
there's breakaway
civilizations on the moon, on
Mars, and other moons of Saturn
and also of Jupiter.
>> Could places like
Chaco Canyon, Puma Punku,
and Teotihuacan be ancient
road maps to the stars?
Could the government
and NASA be using data
from these ancient ruins to
create their own space faring
race?
If so, why is it kept a secret?
Are we headed for a cataclysm?
Will history repeat itself
and collect only the elite
to forward the human race?
Up next, if researchers
have found evidence
of an ancient space program
and possibly even space faring
people, could this prove
that a progenitor race
exists within our own universe?
And if so, are they watching us?
Don't miss the next episode
of "Deep Space, Mysteries
of the Solar System."